I am really a king
Why don't you believe me?
Okay, okay.
I don't want to tell you anymore.
You shameless defiled a emperor
Roll as far as you want
Do you want to see your dad?
What do you mean?
I mean do you want to see your dad
I can take you to see him if you want
Are you crazy?
My dad is dead, you take me to see him
It's not because you failed to impersonate the emperor
You want to kill me?
You, don't mess around
What are you thinking about?
Your dad's not dead
My dad's not dead
What the hell are you talking about?
Come on, I'll show you
Qin Zhan, what tricks are you playing?
I know you like me
Do you think I'll still play tricks with you?
But you just pretended to be a yellow
It has made me lose trust in you.
Come with me!
I'll let you know that I'm really yellow
Still impersonating
I didn't expect it.
Qin Zhan is the famous One Emperor
I didn't say anything.
Lest the emperor come to wait and blame me
After all, for his sake
Already enjoyed too much light and glory
Now I just want to return to the ordinary and low-key
Dad?